[Azure AD roles] Resource namespace and resource action (Preview) (#15043)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md

---
title: "unifiedRbacResourceNamespace resource type"
description: "An object that represents a collection of related actions in a directory."
author: "abhijeetsinha"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# unifiedRbacResourceNamespace resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> An object that represents a collection of related actions. Inherits from [entity](entity.md).

Reviewer: @rolyon  - Modify the description to this "Represents the namespace of the area to which the role permission belongs to. "

> Represents the namespace of the area to which the role permission belongs to. Inherits from [entity](entity.md).

Reviewer 2: I suggest a change after reviewing the new description, the return objects, and the related API.md that I found.
Reason for suggestion: This resource doesn't define the permissions directly (that's resourceActions), but the namespaces for the areas which in turn define permissions.
If this suggestion is correct and acceptable, please also update the metadata description with the new description.
```suggestion
Represents the namespaces for areas or services such as Azure AD, Intune, and Exchange that define role permissions. Inherits from [entity](entity.md).
```

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List unifiedRbacResourceNamespaces](../api/rbacapplicationmultiple-list-resourcenamespaces.md)|[unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md) collection|Get a list of the [unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Get unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../api/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace-get.md)|[unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md)|Read the properties and relationships of an [unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md) object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |id|String|Unique identifier of the directory resource namespace, such as `microsoft.aad.b2c`. Required.|
> |name|String|Name of the directory resource namespace. Typically, the same name as the **id** property, such as `microsoft.aad.b2c`. Required. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `startsWith`).|

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to remove the word "directory" because that seems to limit the description to the `microsoft.directory` namespace when there are other 40+ namespaces exposed by this resource.
```suggestion
|id|String|Unique identifier of the resource namespace that defines permissions, such as `microsoft.aad.b2c`. Required.|
|name|String|Name of the resource namespace. Typically, the same name as the **id** property, such as `microsoft.aad.b2c`. Required. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `startsWith`).|
```

---
title: "unifiedRbacResourceNamespace resource type"
description: "**TODO: Add Description**"
author: "abhijeetsinha"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# unifiedRbacResourceNamespace resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **TODO: Add Description**

Reviewer: @rolyon - Description missing.

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List unifiedRbacResourceNamespaces](../api/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace-list.md)|[unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md) collection|Get a list of the [unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Get unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../api/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace-get.md)|[unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md)|Read the properties and relationships of an [unifiedRbacResourceNamespace](../resources/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace.md) object.|

> |[List resourceActions](../api/unifiedrbacresourcenamespace-list-resourceactions.md)|[unifiedRbacResourceAction](../resources/unifiedrbacresourceaction.md) collection|Get the unifiedRbacResourceAction resources from the resourceActions navigation property.|

Reviewer: @rolyon - We generally write functions associated with the entity here. not its child. Why do we need List resourceActions here?

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |id|String|**TODO: Add Description**|

Reviewer: @rolyon - Descriptions missing. Use the info from PR.

|name|String|**TODO: Add Description**|

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |resourceActions|[unifiedRbacResourceAction](../resources/unifiedrbacresourceaction.md) collection|**TODO: Add Description**|

Reviewer: @rolyon - Descriptions missing.
